AlgorithmAnalyzer/Backend/readme.md, before:

# Algorithm Analyzer Backend REST API

![Backend's documentation in browser](https://i.imgur.com/WeSk8Dl.jpg)

### Installing
You have to install [ffmpeg](http://ffmpeg.org) on your system.  
It is available on apt (Linux), brew (MacOS), a binary is available on the website (Windows).
After installing make sure that you added the executables to your PATH.  
Verify by running ffmpeg in the console.

### Running
Use the one-step solution (with tests):
```
python run.py
```

Or using Python 3:
```
pip install pipenv
pipenv install
pipenv run python main.py
```

You can browse the API in browser at http://127.0.0.1:5000/

After the slash enter the endpoint's name

### Tests
#### Running tests
From ./Backend run:
```
pipenv run python -m unittest
```

#### Test coverage
For checking test coverage using coverage.py library:
```
pipenv run coverage run -m unittest
```
For results either type: ```pipenv run coverage report``` (in console)
or  ```pipenv run coverage html``` to create html directory with logs.

![Tests coverage in HTML form](https://i.imgur.com/mMnOGv1.jpg)

Commit message:

Add algorithm manager (#125)
* add new packages

* add training view

* add algorithm manager

* add base algorithm

* add example algorithm

* add simple data reading

* create endpoints

* create dumb nn

* fix front

* fake recordings and reading data

* fix

* testing recordings

* small fix

* setup tests

* make less queries and get multilabel samples

* test getting samples from sample manager

* make it work with multilabeled algorithms

* add easy example of multilabeled algorithm

* remove useless methods

* add docs

* use abc.abstractclassmethod

* add algorithm descriptions

* remove training inbackground for now

* make consistent api endpoints

* add integration tests

* save to db tests + docstrings

* save to db tag tests + docstrings

* integration tests part I

* review comments - Mieciu

* apply remarks

* add error handling for not trained models

* change handling predict exceptions

* make algorithm manager test configurable

* add proper tests

* downgrade python

* make better coverage

* make algorithm management nicer

* don't use keras.np_utils

* add file type check

* fix

AlgorithmAnalyzer/Backend/readme.md, after:

# Algorithm Analyzer Backend REST API

![Backend's documentation in browser](https://i.imgur.com/WeSk8Dl.jpg)

### Installing
You have to install [ffmpeg](http://ffmpeg.org) on your system.
It is available on apt (Linux), brew (MacOS), a binary is available on the website (Windows).
After installing make sure that you added the executables to your PATH.
Verify by running ffmpeg in the console.

### Running
Use the one-step solution (with tests):
```
python run.py
```

Or using Python 3:
```
pip install pipenv
pipenv install
pipenv run python main.py
```

You can browse the API in browser at http://127.0.0.1:5000/

After the slash enter the endpoint's name

### Tests
#### Running tests
From ./Backend run:
```
pipenv run python -m unittest
```

#### Test coverage
For checking test coverage using coverage.py library:
```
pipenv run coverage run -m unittest
```

For results either type:
	```pipenv run coverage report --omit=algorithms/algorithms/*``` (in console)
or  ```pipenv run coverage html``` to create html directory with logs.

![Tests coverage in HTML form](https://i.imgur.com/mMnOGv1.jpg)


#### Algorithms
### To add an algorithms to the aplication one must
 - create a class derivina after the class Algorithm, which is here [base_algorithm.py](algorithms/base_algorithm.py)
 - the class should implement abstract methods of Algorithm to provide communication
   between itself and the application
 - import the class and add it to the `ALG_DICT` in [__init__.py](algorithms/algorithms/__init__.py)
 - both binary and multilabel algorithms are supported, for more information read the docstrings in [base_algorithm.py](algorithms/base_algorithm.py)
